to our suffering my dear there's not
enough Scotch in the world for that are
you
a little novella I'm calling then of
your goddamn business well you were
invited to stay here for a few days
until we can find a place Shirley has
these bouts just gone sick in the head I
read your story
it made me feel thrillingly horrible do
you know what it's like to secret what
are you up to that girl what do you
think tried in a bit trashy but give it
a go I like you Rosie can I trust you I
feel like we're in the Scottish play on
the verge of madness
what we'll see their secret looks
I'm counting down from 3 3 2 1
you've done it
what becomes of your dear heroine what
happens to all lost girls
you